How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
    - I was bale to look at was added added in the new file and the default content in the old file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
    - Debugging would be a lot easier and you can revert to a previous version immediately if your code got way too messy.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros:
    1.) You get to save/commit when you with a detailed message of what was added/edited.
    2.) You can keep your commit history relevant.
    3.) Detailed messages in your commit of logical changes
    4.) You can commit your changes if you are offline then push them all when you are online
    
Cons:
    1.) You can forget to commit your progress if you get lost/carried away implementing a new feature.
    2.) If you are not thoughtful about your commits then your commit history can get long and confusing, not relevant.
    
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
    - Because that way your commit history won't look chaotic.
    
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    - You can use them to view what was added and deleted by you or anyone else working
        on the same project or any project.
        
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
    - Knowing that I can go back and compare versions/snapshots of previous files really
        makes things easier, instead of having to do it the hard/manual way.
        
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    - Work on projects more efficiently and proactively.
